In this model, $\beta_1$ is also estimated to be 0.0254 with a standard error of 0.0137. The confidence interval for $\beta_1$ is (-0.0015, 0.0523), indicating that the effect of Uber presence ($D_{it}$) on public transit ridership is not statistically significant. This suggests that Uber presence alone does not have a significant impact on ridership.

Additionally, $\beta_2$ is estimated to be 0.5033 with a standard error of 0.0157. The confidence interval for $\beta_2$ is (0.4725, 0.5340), indicating that the interaction effect of having a number of riders above the median and Uber presence ($F_{it} \times D_{it}$) on public transit ridership is positive and statistically significant. This suggests that in areas with a higher number of initial riders, Uber presence is associated with a 50% increase in ridership compared to areas with below-median ridership, indicating that Uber complements public transit in areas with higher initial ridership. This result is similar to the one observed in Double-LASSO Regression 2, where we estimated this effect to be 60%.

Finally, we observe that the coefficients for $\beta_1$ from regressions 11 and 12 are identical. This phenomenon can be attributed to the inclusion of the polynomials which results to an exponential increase in the number of features included in the model. This approach adresses the issues of non linearities in the model and provides a robust estimation for the effect of Uber, which remains unaffected by change in the interaction effect fitted.s